So your fight mm-hmm <affirmative> with Jake. Paul. Yeah. Looking back,
you have a, had a little bit of time now. Mm-hmm <affirmative> uh,
how would you analyze that fight?
Uh, well, I mean, the fight specifically, I got cracked with an overhead, right.
So, I mean, it kind of sucks. Um, I would say,
you know, and this is whatever, like I don't, I really don't care. Um,
and everyone's like, why would you make, turn your reputation?
It's like, well, I, I wanted to do it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I had enjoyable time training and in the buildup,
obviously I wasn't skillful enough to, to get the win. But if I even,
even despite the fact that I know it's gonna ha what happened if someone asked
me to do it again, I probably would've done it again. Mm-hmm you know?
And so the way I was thinking about when I was deciding whether to do it or not,
cause I got the offer, it's like, okay, is this money? It can it change my life?
Yeah, it could.
Right. It's not gonna double my net worth, but it it's gonna add significantly.
Make my life easier. Number two is like when I was in high school,
we used to do boxing matches for free just cause we thought it was fun.
We didn't have something going off Friday night.
Me and my buddies would get to get other and we had some boxing goes,
I base and we punched each other in the head.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so it's like for something I think is enjoyable now they're
paying me a whole bunch of money. Yeah, sure. I'll do it.
Would you, do you think if you got the rematch, if you did the rematch,
would you, what are the odds you win? Okay.
Let's I'm not, probably not very good. I think he's pretty good actually.
And I'm not very good now with P low point for me, because I,
so when I started training for that, I was like 215 pounds,
which is the heavy set of bed. I came off my hip surgery.
I literally like when I said yes, like I'll do it.
Like I had literally started working out like the week before for the first time
in my, you know, instance of surgery. Cause I wasn't able to do anything.
So could I, could I better? Yeah. But now after watching him box Tyron,
like if you ask me Ben, can you beat Tyron? Prob probably not. I,
I don't think I can beat Tyron. So in boxing, in inbox. In boxing. Yeah.
So my chances of beating him, you know, and <laugh> watching that card,
it's like, like kind of be fun to box someone who I know sucks,
who I know can beat that. That's what it would be fun, you know?
Cause like the training, that preparation was fun.
But then obviously I got my butt kicked that, that sucked.